I told you that the swindler found a new prey, right?
I think that is Lee Shin Mo,
Look,
Your eyes are about to fall out because of jealousy,
Oh, my,
- What's wrong? - What?
I'm,,,
just really happy,
Do you want me to sing,,,
you an amazing song as a gift for you today?
I have a request then,
I want to make beautiful memories in Jeju Island,
so sing me a song about the ocean,
Okay,
I'll sing a song while playing,,,
the bass just for you,
- Oh, my, - Okay,
Excuse me,
- What is this? - They said you'll know if you see,
I have something to tell you,
so let's meet outside,
What is it?
What? It's nothing,
Wait for me, I'll be back soon,
Okay,
Come back soon,
Did you send me that message?
Yes,
Your name is,,,
Choi Theresa, isn't it?
Yes, but who are you?
Are you my fan?
Male fans ask to see me like this sometimes,
This is the first time a female fan did this,
I'm Lee Shin Mo's wife,
It's been a long time,
Can I pour you a drink?
No,
It's okay, I have to drive later,
It seems like you're here with my wife,
Did she leave?
She went outside for a moment,
I think I saw you with a woman,
Can I ask you what kind of relationship you are with her?
The punk has good taste in women,
He came here because he's jealous,
You saw us,
Don't get us wrong,
She's like a sister to me,
However to her, I'm someone,,,
she used to admire during her college years,
Her methods are always the same,
What did you say?
Never mind,
Is it her birthday today?
How did you know that?
Do you know Theresa?
No,
Let me give you advice on one thing,
Your method is wrong,
Do you think that a woman will fall for you,,,
if you buy her a car and take her to places like this?
You're so childish,
Look at me,
Even if you don't give her a lot of things,
if you're kind,
young and beautiful women will line up for you,
- Is that so? - And,,,
you seem younger than me,
Why would you meet an older woman?
She's even someone else's wife,
Stop wasting money and time,
Try having a proper relationship,
Like me,
Do you understand?
I don't judge women by age,
Let me give you a piece of advice too,
Not every woman is as innocent as Young Hye,
So be careful,
That's it,
That punk,
Just say that you're jealous,
Stop beating around the bush, Goodness,
What's taking her so long?
Are you Shin Mo's wife?
Why did you ask for me?
I'm going to make this short,
Stop seeing my husband,
I asked to see you to tell you this,
Do you think you have the right to say that?
I know your story because Shin Mo told me,
I heard that you're separated,,,
because you wanted a marriage graduation first,
That's it if you abandon your husband because you don't like him,
Why are you interrupting him when he's trying to become happy?
You don't want him, but you don't want anyone else to have him?
Is that what it is?
I'll keep this short for your pride,
Once again,
don't meet my husband,
It's a marriage graduation, not a divorce,
Don't use him as your investment technique,
What did you say? Investment technique?
What nonsense are you talking about?
I don't have to explain, You already know well,
No, I don't know what you're talking about,
Do you mean that I approached him to extort money,,,
instead of an innocent intention?
You know well who Song Se Joon is, don't you?
I heard everything about you from him,
It seems that my husband bought that watch you're wearing right now,
But end it there,
That's not a bad business for meeting him,,,
a few times,
I'll assume that we are on the same page and leave now,
What if I can't?
I think you have gotten the wrong idea,
I'm not taking advantage of Shin Mo,
Shin Mo was my first love,
We are seeing each other because our hearts have aligned,
This watch? I didn't force him to buy me the watch,
He bought it because he wanted to, How is that taking advantage of him?
Besides, whether I take advantage of him or use him as my banker,
do you honestly think you have the right to tell me off?
Didn't you hear me?
We are still married,
Even if you're only married on paper?
What did you say?
You worked him like a slave for all these years,
You left him after he retired and stopped making money,
How could you be so brazen?
Don't you know men get depressed once they retire?
Instead of staying with him in a time of difficulty,
you betrayed him at the worst time,
You don't have the right to interfere with his love life,
Watch your tongue,
You know nothing about our marriage, How dare you run your mouth?
We are separated for a reason,
So regardless of excuses you give me,
I won't stand and watch my husband get scammed by a gold digger,
A gold digger?
So you're going to be rude?
But you know what?
You said you heard everything from Mr, Song,
Then you must have come here with him,
I doubt that you have a business meeting at a place like this,
In a nut shell, you're fooling around with a younger guy too,
And yet, you act like you're classy,,,
while calling me a gold digger, Don't you think that's too much?
- Look, - Are you,,,
worried that he will spend your retirement money?
Tell you what,
Men won't even budge,,,
when I try to seduce them as long as they are happy at home,
The fact that Shin Mo is seeing me,,,
proves that that's how much Shin Mo feels empty and sad,
Nothing comes free in life,
If I can comfort him for the despair,,,
you have caused him, buying me a watch is nothing,
Yes, you might not be happy with this,
but if you got your freedom back after moving out,
you must pay for every consequence,
Theresa,
You're the one who has gotten the wrong idea,
Listen to what I'm about tell you carefully,
You're right,
After our separation, Shin Mo must have gone through a hard time,
That's why he became an easy prey when you approached him,
Just like you said, I'm sure he was comforted,
However, do you think your comfort was genuine?
You're not serious about Shin Mo,
How can your comfort be genuine if he bought it with money?
Don't toy with someone's heart with ulterior motives,
Unlike most men, my husband isn't the type,,,
to believe he can buy love with money,
After he met you, he started to smile more,,,
and seemed to be in a good mood,
Do you know why?
Because he believes that you like him for who he is,
That's why you must not toy with his heart,
Don't you agree?
He pretends that he's strong and manly,
but he has a soft heart who easily gets hurt,
When my husband finds out what kind of person you are,
he will get hurt and be disappointed,
And I want to stop that,
Just like you said, if I'm not qualified to be his wife,
you can consider me his companion who stayed with him for a long time,
With that qualification, let me ask you of this,
There was a time when you were innocent too, wasn't there?
I want you to at least be respectful of,,,
your love and the man whom you liked at that time,
I ask of you,
With all my heart,
I'm asking you with all my heart,
Okay,
I was going to end it since it wasn't as lucrative,
Don't worry, You should go,
Keep the discussion,,,
we just had between us, please,
He's a man with a strong sense of pride,
Since you heard everything,
I don't need to explain, right?
You know what kind of person I am,
Here's my excuse,
After I got married,
my husband was addicted to gambling,
I followed him around to help him quit gambling,
In the end, I became addicted too,
Hearing how everything she said was right,
you married a good woman,
Just like she said,
I want to at least be respectful of my love and the man I liked,,,
when I was once innocent,
It's not too late,
Try to get yourself together,,,
That's only possible when I have someone as nice as you around me,
I don't have that kind of person,
Before it's too late, go after her,,,
and start over,
It's snowing
In my lonely heart
Your warm smile
I have been dreaming of
My goodness,
Han Gyul,
Why are you lying in my bed instead of yours?
I need to go to sleep now,
Can't I sleep with you tonight, Grandma?
Hey, I decorated your room like a princess' room,
Why would you leave your room and sleep on my bed?
I'm scared to sleep alone,
Let me sleep here, Grandma,
Oh, my goodness, Sure,
I thought you were daring, but I guess you are still a kid,
Sure, Go ahead, and sleep here, Lie down now,
Let's sleep with Grandma now,
There, there,
All right,
Life has three uphills
What are these hills?
Here are the winding hills
You can climb over the hills
All right,
I raised that three-year-old baby who still had to wear a diaper,
And I,,,
lost him when he was about her age,
I wonder,,,
where on earth,,,
he's living all by himself,
My gosh,
Han Gyul is sleeping here,
I'll take her to her room,
It's okay, Perhaps it's because her room changed,
but she says she's scared,
Leave her here, I'll sleep with her,
But it might be uncomfortable for you,
It's not a problem,
By the way, how is the search for Eun Jo going?
I got a call from the detective agency,
They've found a possible guy,
Really? And who is he?
He seemed to take a train to Seoul when he went missing,
so I searched through police stations near the Seoul Station,
Fortunately, I found a document,,,
in the nearby orphanage,
So he followed the railroads,,,
and ended up taking a train to Seoul,
I searched everywhere in my hometown,
That must've been why I couldn't find any trace of him,
So where is he right now?
It's the document which I found in the orphanage,
(Child Record)
"Kim Eun Jo",
"Six years old", That's right,
His first name and age are right,
but why is his last name different?
He must've been scared and confused,
Or they might've used the director's last name to register him,
So do we have to find him with this name now?
Let's post an ad on the newspaper next morning,
He was,,,
adopted to the States,
To the States?
Are you talking about America?
I requested about his whereabouts to the adoption agency,
so please wait a little more,
Gosh, my hands are shaking,
If we had a photo of him, we might be able to look for him somehow,
What if it's not him? What should we do then?
Don't worry, Mom, You told us once,,,
that destined people are meant to meet again,
You'll meet him if you're destined,
Don't worry, Mom,
Right, Mother,
They say you can't see right under your nose,
We might be able to find him easily, so wait a little,
It's okay, Mom, We'll be able to find him,
Dad, why are you still here?
What about you?
We're about to leave work now,
What were you looking at?
You're looking at this picture again,
I had this thought last time too,
but his eyes and lips look just like you,
You're curious about our family's history before your wedding,
I look at this picture whenever I have time to remember my past,
Did you remember anything?
I'm not sure if she was my mom or sister,
but a young woman is in my memory,
Eun Jo,
- It's good, - Is it?
Yes?
What do you think? Do I look cool?
Yes, you look cool,
Like this,
She adored me so much,
Anyway, that's the only thing I remember,
Why don't you try finding her?
She must be old by now,
but you'll be able to find her if she's alive,
We'll try looking for her,
No, like I told you before,
I tried to find her once, but I failed,
I don't want to be disappointed again,
Anyway, how is it going with your preparation for the new launch?
Yes,
We worked late today because of the new menu,
Good, the company is expecting a lot from you,
So don't be distracted and work hard,
Ru Ri, support him by his side,
Yes, sir,
Right, Father,
I have something to ask,
What is it?
Among your acquaintances,
does anyone have a burn scar on her face?
A burn scar?
What does she look like?
She's probably in her mid-40s,
She's a tall, pretty woman,
Can you think of anyone?
Well,,,
I don't know,
What about her?
It's nothing, I ran into her by chance,
and I'm wondering if she's your acquaintance,
Okay, I'll tell you if she reminds me of someone,
I'm back from the business,
How did it go?
Nothing suspicious was found,,,
in Mr, Kim's studio where the accident took place,
But I parked a car,,,
at a garage of the hospital where Mr, Kim's hospitalized just in case,
He seems to be much more dangerous than I expected,
He recorded the conversation between Ae Ri and you,
He must have other intentions or something,
Until things are settled,
isolate him from anyone in the company,
Don't worry,
He won't be out in the world for the time being,
I told you,
Until I have a dramatical reunion with Kevin,
my identity should be kept in secret,
I've prepared for three years for that moment,
For the day when I meet again with Kevin,
you can't make any mistakes, okay?
If the chairman doesn't know her,
who can she be?
She kidnapped Mr, Kim,
I'm sure she's working with Joo Ae Ri,
How and where can I find her?
How about we go to Mr, Kim's studio?
He works for them,
so there's got to be some kind of evidence,
The problem is how we get in there,
Get in, I have an idea,
Unit 902?
Yes, he's our colleague,
He's hospitalized, so we're here to pick up his stuff,
It's my business card, Let us in for a minute,
SC Food and Beverage?
Wait, someone from this company visited earlier,
What? Who?
He said that he came here to run an errand,
He even brought the key too,
So someone visited already,
Then it's all solved,
- Goodbye, - Bye,
She had someone search through his studio,
I'm sure she isn't a nobody,
What does she have to do with the chairman?
(Gangnam Detective Agency, Speed Planning)
Gangnam Detective Speed Planning?
Mr, Kim must have requested an investigation at a detective agency,
It's Director Park,
This woman's height and figure is similar,,,
to the woman with the scar,
We can't be sure because her face is covered,
If it's that woman,
Director Park must be one of them,
Do you mean he pretended to be kind in front of the chairman,,,
and conspired against him behind his back?
He's a horrible man,
Seeing that they're playing with other people's lives,
it's probably something big,
I have to find out what that is,
Prepare 69,000 dollars until tomorrow,
If you don't, I will reveal the secret of Han Gyul's birth,
Hello?
Did you prepare the money?
Put it in the place I told you until 11am,
Wait a minute, I don't know who you are, but,,,
Until 11am,
Hello?
The person you're trying to reach,,,
What should I do?
I need 69,000 dollars,
If you give me that money,
I won't appear again,
How could she stoop so low?
Honey,
You'll have to go to work by yourself today,
I don't think I'll be able to go to the store,
What's wrong? Are you worried about something?
That's not it,
Did anything happen to you? You're happy, right?
Of course, I'm with you like this,
Why would I have any worries?
I've never felt better,
Okay, that's good then,
As long as you're happy, I'm happy,
Why would you say that?
Tell me if you have any worries,
I'll deal with it for you, What is it?
It's nothing,
I'm just scared,,,
that this happiness will be ruined,
You're silly,
I love you very much,
Yeon Ju,
Yes?
You spoiled my appetite from early in the morning,
Why?
Come down, Han Gyul is a little strange,
Han Gyul is strange?
What am I going to do?
I peed in bed,
How do you take care of your kid?
Is she sick?
Han Gyul, are you sick?
No, I'm not sick,
Why aren't you getting up then?
I heard you told Grandma that you weren't going to school,
Yes, I'm sick here,
That's strange, She doesn't have a fever,
Tell us clearly,
Do you have a headache or not?
Sometimes it hurts, and sometimes it doesn't,
What is this smell?
I think I can smell the stench of urine,
I think you're right, What smell is this?
I didn't pee,
Han Gyul, wait a minute,
Oh, my,
Oh, my, What is this?
No, I didn't pee,
I didn't pee,
Okay, you didn't pee,
I have urinary incontinence,
so I made a mistake,
It's a mistake, I peed,
Do you understand?
Really? Mom, why did you do that?
Oh, my, I guess I have to do laundry in this cold weather,
Mrs, Yang, only people who are about to die,,,
makes this kind of mistakes,
You can take care of this problem without any side effects,,,
within 15 minutes by having surgery,
Don't cause trouble for me,
and go to the hospital right away to take care of it,
Can't you shut your mouth?
My bladder isn't important,
We need to sew your mouth up first,
That's strange, She's never done this before,
I heard that kids make mistakes when they're stressed,
Is it because of the sudden environment change?
Stress?
- Dad, - It's okay,
Can you stay at home and comfort Han Gyul today?
What about you?
I have to go somewhere,
Place the money in 50 dollar bills,,,
in the trash can of the "out of order" stall,,,
of the Cheongdam Park bathroom,
If you violate this,
I'm going to spread the truth at her school,
What should I do?
(Bankbook balance 12,500 dollars)
How can I manage to suddenly get such a large sum of money?
My goodness,
Who do you want to visit?
Inmate 601, Jung Su Mi,
She's not here right now,
Did she transfer to another place?
No, she was released on parole a month ago,
What?
Can I have her contact number?
I'm sorry, I can't tell you that to protect her privacy,
Wait a minute,
(Lee So Won)
This is a photo of Jung Su Mi's daughter,
Please give this to her,
I have to meet her, Tell her to call me,
Okay,
69,000 dollars?
Yes, I need that money right now,
Hurry, I really need that money,
Hurry,
Gosh, calm down,
Why do you need 69,000 dollars? Is there a new crocodile bag?
Buy something like that with your credit card,
You can decrease tax that way,
No, Mom, It's not like that,
I don't have time for this, Please give me the money,
I need it in 50 dollar bills in cash, Hurry,
Why are you keep asking me for cash?
Am I your safe?
I don't have time for this,
Wait a minute, The combination for your safe was 8282, right?
Why do you need that money so suddenly? What are you going to do?
Tell me,
Why do you need that money? What is it?
Mom, please,
Confess,
Why do you need that money? Why do you need it in cash? Tell me,
I know all about Han Gyul's birth,
Unless you want to be humiliated in the kindergarten, do as I say,
What is this all of a sudden?
What should we do?
She was a model prisoner, and she had a young daughter,
She was released on parole because she had extenuating circumstances,
She used her child to be released on parole,
Now she's asking her sister to extort money from us?
Jung Su Mi, how could you do that as a human being?
We can't be late, Mom,
She said she'll spread the rumor if we're late even for one minute,
Don't worry, I'll give her the money,
but once I catch her,
I'm going to tear up her body,
Mom, I think it's here,
Let's go,
(Cheongdam Park)
It's done, Mom, What time is it?
It's almost 11,
What do we do now?
We need to be patient now,
Trust and follow me,
You thief,
Su Ji,
Gosh, I can't believe it,
That's right, It was me,
If I knew this would happen, I should've just met with you,
But it doesn't matter,
It's true that I know about Han Gyul's birth,
What?
Who are you? How do you know all that?
Ask your husband if you're curious,
He knows me better than anyone else,
Who are you? Who are you?
Who are you, witch? Who are you?
How dare you lay your hand on me?
I'll keep your secret,
But you have to be nice to Han Gyul,
Don't be a mean stepmother,
You thief, Who are you?
Who are you?
How dare you threaten my daughter?
- Who are you? - Mom,
Who are you?
Mom, Please stop,
- Mom, Calm down, - You witch,
Are you out of your mind? How dare you hit me?
Don't you know what happens when I tell the truth?
If you do this one more time, I'm going to tell everyone,
What? You,,,
Honey, How did you find this place?
You piece of trash,
What is this?
Were you humiliated last night?
So why would you have an affair,,,
at that age?
You don't know what you've got until you've lost it,
Drink and reflect on yourself,
Gosh,
How does that granny know?
When my husband finds out what kind of person you are,
he will get hurt and be disappointed,
I want to stop it,
Come on, Lee Shin Mo,
You're pathetic,
Where is this?
Who am I?
Honey,
Seriously,
I knew it,
What are you doing? Get ready,
Get ready?
For what?
Here, Put this on today,
I bought you a new arrival with money I saved up from lectures,
You didn't have to,
It's a happy day today,
You're meeting your future in-laws today,
You should dress up,
Aren't you upset?
You're Tae Yang's father,
but I'm going to Chairman Kevin,
I know, I'm so jealous,,,
that I can't stop crying,
I'm sorry, but,,,
you can be the father when Woo Joo gets married,
Depending on how you behave,
Is this enough?
No, I'm Go Jung Do,
Wait,
- That was lame, - Come here,
Mom, How do I look?
Oh, yes,
Did you just do something cheesy?
I haven't seen that embarrassing situation for a long time,
I'm so touched that I want to cry,
What? That's today?
How can you forget such an important day?
Go shower, We don't have time,
Gosh, I must be getting old,
I keep forgetting everything, I don't remember a thing,
What do you mean? You're dating a young woman,
I'll get your clothes, Go get ready,
What's wrong with you?
Are you stunned after meeting your first love?
Let me say this one thing,
Stop dating her,,,
because I'm jealous,
I'll return the car,,,
and freeze to death in this weather from taking the bus,
Get it? Go get ready,
What are you doing? It's disgusting,
Is everything all right?
I've realized it this time,
You're better than me,
I take back calling you stupid,
I'm the stupid one,
You're not an idiot daughter or an idiot wife,
but I'm the idiot dad and idiot husband,
Stupid Lee Shin Mo,
Honey,
I heard it all,
What you told Theresa,
I'm very sorry, I'm ashamed,
Goodness,
You've changed a lot,
You'd yell at me not to care in the past,
You admit your fault now, That's amazing,
You're great, Shin Mo,
Thank you,
Are you teasing me?
Okay, I'll go get ready,
Did you bring what I asked?
Is this Anna?
Korean name Jung Hwa Young?
Yes,
She's the woman Chairman Kevin missed for his whole life,
She's nothing special,
Is she the reason why he left everything behind,,,
to come to Korea?
She's living with a man too,
The chairman wants to get back with her desperately,
but she wants to keep her family,
How satisfying, Kevin Miller,
He must be the son,
I see, Jung Tae Yang,
Chairman Miller's guess was right,
When she left, she was pregnant,
Come to think, I think I ran into him in the hospital,
He seems pretty clever, seeing how he went there,
Blood is thicker than water after all,
He's so cold-hearted, but he relies on his son very much,
He even threw his body,,,
at a running car to save his son,
Let him be happy all he wants,
Both the father and son will collapse like a tsunami soon,
Hello, I'm the youngest sister of Tae Yang, Go Eun Byul,
I'm the second, Kim Woo Joo,
They all have different last names,
Do they have different fathers?
I'll tell you later,
Okay,
I'm so happy today,
Ru Ri's father was against this marriage at first,
Then my parents were against it,
But we weren't shaken and trusted each other,
I'm grateful to Ru Ri for staying by my side,
I'm so happy and grateful too,
You look so nice, I like you,
I like you too,
We're happy to see you happy,
- Right, Mr, Lee? - Of course,
I'm so touched,
You must've been surprised a while ago,,,
to find all our three kids with different last names,
I got married three times,
I see,
It can happen in life,
That's why I respect you two sincerely,
I'm envious all my life,,,
of those who remember each other's youth and grow old together,
I couldn't do it,
but I'm so grateful,,,
that a daughter from such a precious family,,,
is going to become my son's wife,
Don't mention it,
We have a lot of problems too,
No, I'm well aware that you're a devoted couple,
Mr, Lee, do you remember me?
Pardon?
Well, have we met before?
I remembered recently too,
The day when you retired from work, you came to my dance studio,
Your dance studio?
Are you going to learn alone?
You need to have a partner to learn dance sports,
I'm going to do it with my wife,
I'm here to register as a surprise gift for her,
A surprise gift?
Oh, right,
You're that teacher,
Honey, do you remember when I told you,,,
to learn dance sports together?
She's that instructor,
Oh, my goodness, How could this happen?
Tae Yang and Ru Ri are meant to be together,
Don't be like us no matter how hard it gets,
You should love and support each other all your lives,,,
like Ru Ri's parents, okay?
Okay, I'll keep it in mind,
Me too,
It's my life's regret that I couldn't have a peaceful family,
Invite me for dinner some time,
I'd like to have a Korean meal,,,
and experience how a happy family is like,
Of course, we will,
Well, but,,, Actually,,,
- Honey, - Well,,,
We'll invite you in the near future,,,
and set an official family gathering,
Shouldn't we clap and have a toast at times like this?
That's right,
Congratulations,
Did you enjoy your meal?
You did a great job in selecting this place,
We had a great time thanks to you,
You should go first,
We have to go back to the office because of the new menu,
No, I'd like to see you off today,
Go in first,
Okay, then, I'll see you later,
Let's go,
Thank you for being my daughter-in-law,
Thank you, Father,
Okay, bye,
Let's go,
What's wrong, sir?
Wait here,
Among your acquaintances,
does anyone have a burn scar on her face?
A burn scar?
What does she look like?
She's probably in her mid-40s,
She's a tall, pretty woman,
No way,
How can a dead person,,,
Kevin Miller,
I wanted to check with my eyes,,,
just how happy you are without me,
I think it's him,
Excuse me,
Are you Lee Myung Rang?
Right, are you from Speed Planning?
What's your business?
Mr, Kim,,, I mean,
Kim Dong Il requested for a case, didn't he?
I'm here to ask you something,
Oh, this,
It's your doing, right?
What about this? Did anything go wrong?
The woman covered in bandages,
What's her name,,,
and what's her job?
Look at it more closely,
Chairman Kevin, this is the agenda for the directors' meeting tomorrow,
I saw Susanna,
Pardon?
What are you talking about?
Tae Yang said he saw her too,
I saw her a few minutes ago too,
How did this happen?
I don't know, I did confirm her dead,
Maybe you're mistaken with someone else,
I'm sure it was Susanna,
She died of fire, right?
I saw a burn scar on her face too,
It's already been three years since she died,
You must be mistaken because of the burden in your heart,
Is that so?
It's a plan for the new menu to show at the launch,
Our focus is healthy food,
We need to bring our new branch to a success somehow,
It's my first project to prove how qualified I am as the successor,
Don't worry, You can do this,
You have me,
Manager Jung,
We finally found out about who that woman is,
Who is she?
She got treated for her burn injury for three years in a hospital,
She had three operations,
So who is she?
They're still investigating that,
Her name is Lee Kyung Hwa,
Lee Kyung Hwa?
Wait,
I've seen that name before,
Where did you see it?
(Executives)
(Strategic Business Team)
(Team Manager Lee Kyung Hwa)
That's the one,
The investment team manger at Goldman Partners,
Lee Kyung Hwa,
Goldman Partners?
They invest in our company,
You're right,
When we entered Beijing,
we joined them as a mutual company,
Why would their executive want to harm Chairman Kevin?
If our company goes bankrupt,
they won't be able to get their money back and go bankrupt too,
I know,
If it's her for sure,
there must be something we don't know,
Are you angry, Honey?
Why didn't you tell me that you're getting threatened?
I didn't want you to be upset,
We just became happy,
I didn't want to make you worried,
So I tried to deal with it alone,
Why didn't you tell me about her even though you knew?
I'm the same,
You just settled after suffering because of me,
I didn't want to make you suffer again,
Ha Yeon Ju,
From next time, no matter how small it is,
don't try to deal with it alone, Leave it up to me,
I'll deal with it,
No, Then let's do it together,
Okay,
What are you doing here, Mom? What about that girl?
I don't know, I've been yelling at her,
but she won't say anything as if her lips are glued,
Don't worry, I'll find out,
Where Jung Su Mi is,
- Mom, - Mom,
Han Gyul,
- Ms, Choi, - Yes,
Bye, Do Yoon,
Yes, bye,
You're embarrassing me,
I heard love hurts,
Bye,
Did you study hard, Han Gyul?
I've made you snacks, Let's go,
Ms, Choi,
I want to go to my mom and dad,
Can we?
Jung Su Ji,
Where's your sister?
Tell me, Where is she?
It seems you're mistaken that my sister is involved,
but she isn't,
She's still in prison,,,
She got out a month ago,
Did Jung Su Mi make you do this?
She told you to threaten us using Han Gyul, didn't she?
No, I did it alone,
Kill me or save me, Do whatever you want,
Didn't I hit you enough?
Hey, If I call the police,
you'll be sent to prison for blackmail,
Do you want to do that?
Suit yourself,
My life is ruined already, I don't care,
She keeps saying ruined life,,,
when she's still so young,
Mom, Please calm down,
Excuse me, It will never settle if you keep refusing to confess,
I don't know why you did this,
but we're not as easy as you think,
You abandoned such a little kid,
and how dare you disrupt happiness she barely grabbed?
Do you have any idea how much my family suffered because of you?
It'll never be enough even if you go on your knees,
but how dare you try to blackmail us for money?
Using your poor niece as a hostage,
Are you even human?
So go ahead and put me in jail,
What are you doing?
Call your sister,
You can't leave this place before your sister gets here,
Call her now,
I'm sorry,
I'll never show up in front of Han Gyul,
Please forgive me,
My sister,,,
She really doesn't know anything, It's true,
Please,,,
Please forgive me,
So call your sister,
Then we'll decide whether to forgive you or not,
Now,
Call her now,
Yes?
Hello? Go ahead, Hello?
It's me,
Han Gyul's mom,
Jung Su Mi?
You said you wanted me to call you regarding Han Gyul,
What's going on?
I'm with your sister right now,
Su Ji?
What has she done?
Why would you ask me?
You know better,
What are you talking about?
I don't want to talk to you,
Come here now,
How about this one?
It's still cold, This will keep you warm,
Should I?
Han Gyul's here,
- Han Gyul, - So Hee,
How are you?
Good, Where's Mom?
She went to your dad's hospital,
Do you want me to call her here?
No, I'll go there,
Be careful, Be careful,
What's taking that shameless girl so long?
She should be here soon,
Yes, So Hee,
Han Gyul just got here, She just left to the hospital,
What?
What's wrong?
Han Gyul's coming to the hospital now,
Hurry up, Ms, Choi,
I'm heavier than you,
Slow down, Han Gyul,
You can do it, Ms, Choi,
Han Gyul,
- Han Gyul, - Mom,
(Man Who Sets the Table)
What's her relationship with Father?
Why did she try to harm Father with Joo Ae Ri and Director Park?
This is huge,
I can't go because we've graduated from marriage,
I can't act like we're close,
I'm sure it was Susanna, How could this happen?
I went to her grave,
Long time no see, It's been three years,
Mom?
Excuse me, You were with Dad yesterday, right?
No, You're mistaken,
People who don't know how to be grateful should be ruined,
I'll do that now,
You don't need to be worried, Just wait,